Fix/disk full trigger (#452)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: Changelog.md

-   Chart frame trotting for slower machines.
-   Clearing session files on close in some special cases.

> -   When recording indefinitely **Disk full trigger** stop recording when disk
>     is full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Behavior of **Disk full trigger** when recording for an indefinite period of time. It now correctly stops recording when the disk is full.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe use "sampling" instead of "recording"?
